"Over the Edge" Chris Numpsa. 

Belated congratulations on the publication of your astonishing book, which I have recently read.

On reading the opening pages, I felt a bit apprehensive, not knowing quite what to make of the tetchy cab driver and the tension thus created - finding it 'funny' in a strange way and not sure that I should be amused either.  The methodallogy is clever, though, in the manner in which you have selected a cohort of the public - old ladies/grannies etc. -a fraction of the whole community, and stereotyped them in the form of the old lady who confuses Chopin with shopping.

The clipped/economic condensed style of writing is apparent from the onset and consistent throughout the narrative, and it is a very positive feature - you 'cut to the chase' and do not waffle or protract.

You have captured the essence of what chasing the euro/Celtic Tiger was all about in terms of competition, envy, greed, sense of lonleness, the rat-race and dog-eats-dog syndrome, resulting in anxiety, depression, sleep deprivation, destruction of body and soul and culminating ultimately in 'burn-out syndrome which you saw refected in your own mirror-image, (page 43). This is a sad,and poignant and also a beautiful; piece of writing.

Your description of heavy drinking/binge drinking as a means of obliterating the past and future and all that matters in the present and to hang on to oblivion and keep the dopamine rush to the brain kindled.

If only psychologists, therapists, etc. could just get a grasp of this fact and accept it for what it is, it would save their time, and save  the clients' time and money and spare giving the alcohol;/drug addict the 'third degree' as to why they are drinking/doping.

I think the description on page 202/3 regarding the alcohlic/heroine addict is a masterful and powerful piece of composition. On re-reading this I cried as was writing this draft, I do not cry easily and did not expect this to happen but it did.

Actions speak louder than words, and you have the power to reduce me. the reader to tears. That speaks volumes as to how power of your writing is and how it can permiate on the readers feelings, emotions. and consicousness.
Your 'take' on the history of Ireland/Britain in comparison to their counterparts Poland/Russia is informative, extreme and, hillariuos too, I loved it. I love the way you connect with the reader and use a theatrical; ploy by speaking directly to the reader "How is that possible?" - you feel you are in the company of the author and engaging in the polemic. It is rare that the reader would feel 'close' to the writer, but in this case the reader often feels close and connected to the author.

When the anger subsides, there is a shift in language to match and it becomes kind and compassionate
I shall not continue to regurgitate what you write and cramp your style.
I will sum up by saying it's a great book, a masterpiece. It's a book of knowledge and enlightenment too, encompassing history,, psychology, ideology and 'life'. What more could any reader want from a book? - it's all there.
On a separate issue, I would like you to sign this book for me sometime, it would be lovely to have your autograph. I am not on the internet at home, hence I use the internet cafe in Sligo, but only call here from time to time and if you contact me we could meet, sometime when it is mutually convenient.

Wishing you all the best and good luck with the book.

God Bless.